Add RCS Strong Verification Documentation (#3865)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/remote-clusters/remote-clusters-api-key.md

```

Note that you only need to create this user on the local cluster.

## Remote cluster strong verification [remote-cluster-strong-verification]
preview::[]

Cross-cluster API keys can be configured with strong verification to provide an additional layer of security. To enable this feature,
the cross-cluster API key is created with a certificate identity pattern. The local cluster is then required to sign each request
to the remote cluster with its private key and provide a trusted certificate whose subject matches the certificate identity

> pattern configured on the cross-cluster API key.

Reviewer: This paragraph could be clearer about which cluster each component lives on, and it should mention how trust is established. The phrase "provide a trusted certificate" doesn't explain that the remote cluster validates trust based on its configured certificate authorities.

Something like this:

"Cross-cluster API keys can be configured with strong verification to provide an additional layer of security. To enable this feature, a cross-cluster API key is created **on the remote cluster** with a certificate identity pattern that specifies which certificates are allowed to use it. The local cluster must then sign each request with its private key and include a certificate whose subject Distinguished Name (DN) matches the pattern. The remote cluster validates both that the certificate is trusted **by its configured certificate authorities** and that the certificate's subject matches the API key's identity pattern."

This makes it explicit that
1. The API key lives on the remote cluster
2. Trust is validated against the remote cluster's CA configuration

Reviewer: Also consider mentioning that this is configured per-connection (each remote cluster alias can have different signing certs) and per-API-key (each API key can have different certificate identity patterns). This helps users understand the granularity of the feature.

When a local cluster makes a request to a remote cluster using a cross-cluster API key:

1. The local cluster signs the request headers with its configured private key and sends the signature and certificate chain as header 
   in the request to the remote cluster 
2. The remote cluster verifies that the API key is valid
3. If the API key has a certificate identity pattern configured, the remote cluster extracts the Distinguished Name (DN) from the 
   certificate chain's leaf certificate and matches it against the certificate identity pattern
4. The remote cluster validates that the provided certificate chain is trusted
5. The remote cluster validates the signature and checks that the certificate is not expired

If any of these validation steps fail, the request is rejected.

### Configure strong verification [_configure_strong_verification]

To use certificate identity validation, the local and remote clusters must be configured to sign request headers and to verify request 
headers.

#### On the local cluster [_certificate_identity_local_cluster]

The local cluster must be configured to sign cross-cluster requests with a certificate-private key pair. You can generate a signing 

> certificate using `elasticsearch-certutil` or use an existing certificate. 

Reviewer: Also wondering: for ECH if a customer wants to use their own certs, they would need to use the bundles feature. Where would we document instructions for that?

```yaml
cluster.remote.my_remote_cluster.signing.certificate: "path/to/signing/certificate.crt"
cluster.remote.my_remote_cluster.signing.key: "path/to/signing/key.key"
```

::::{note}

> Replace my_remote_cluster with your remote cluster alias and the paths with actual paths

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Replace `my_remote_cluster` with your remote cluster alias, and the paths with the paths to your certificate and key files.
```

The remote cluster must be configured with a certificate authority that trusts the certificate that was used to sign the request headers. 

```yaml
cluster.remote.signing.certificate_authorities: "path/to/signing/certificate_authorities.crt"
```

When creating a cross-cluster API key on the remote cluster, specify a `certificate_identity` pattern that matches the Distinguished 
Name (DN) of the local cluster's certificate. Use the [Create Cross-Cluster API key](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elasticsearch/operation/operation-security-create-cross-cluster-api-key) API:

```console
POST /_security/cross_cluster/api_key
{
  "name": "my-cross-cluster-api-key",
  "access": {
    "search": [
      {
        "names": ["logs-*"]
      }
    ]
  },
  "certificate_identity": "CN=local-cluster.example.com,O=Example Corp,C=US"
}
```

The `certificate_identity` field supports regular expressions. For example:

* `"CN=.*.example.com,O=Example Corp,C=US"` matches any certificate with a CN ending in "example.com"
* `"CN=local-cluster.*,O=Example Corp,C=US"` matches any certificate with a CN starting with "local-cluster"
* `"CN=.*"` matches any certificate (not recommended for production)

> To verify strong verification is active, check the Elasticsearch logs on the remote cluster for certificate validation messages, or 

Reviewer: Wondering if this should be more specific by including the actual output/examples from logs

3. If the API key has a certificate identity pattern configured, the remote cluster extracts the Distinguished Name (DN) from the 
   certificate chain's leaf certificate and matches it against the certificate identity pattern.
4. The remote cluster validates that the provided certificate chain is trusted.
5. The remote cluster validates the signature and checks that the certificate is not expired.

If any of these validation steps fail, the request is rejected.

### Configure strong verification [_configure_strong_verification]

To use certificate identity validation, the local and remote clusters must be configured to sign request headers and to verify request 
headers.

#### On the local cluster [_certificate_identity_local_cluster]

The local cluster must be configured to sign cross-cluster requests with a certificate-private key pair. You can generate a signing 
certificate using [elasticsearch-certutil](#remote-clusters-security-api-key-remote-action) or use an existing certificate. 

```yaml
cluster.remote.my_remote_cluster.signing.certificate: "path/to/signing/certificate.crt"
cluster.remote.my_remote_cluster.signing.key: "path/to/signing/key.key"
```

> 

Reviewer 3: I would explicitly mention that the private key can be encrypted and the password must be stored securely in the keystore. People may be wondering otherwise.
